Feature/abort migration (#1191)
github/gh-gei: releasenotes/v1.7.0.md

# Release Notes: 

> - Added `abort-migration` command that will abort a migration that are queued or in-progress. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `abort-migration` command to `gh ado2gh`, `gh bbs2gh` and `gh gei` that will abort a migration that is queued or in-progress. 
```
